Give me a small green cube.
Make me a small green cube.
Create a big orange sphere.
Create a block of cheese.
Create a gold coin.
Create a small white cube.
Create a red sphere.
Make sphere21 blue.
Delete cylinder53.
Make a scoreboard variable that's set to one.
Set object_num equal to three.
Make the variable color equal to green
Set seventeen to be the value of score
Create a counter variable and set it to zero.
Remove candle13 and increase the object_num variable by five if I hit the candle
If you run into cheese2, then make apple1 turn red and play a hit sound effect
When you touch collectible18 then remove the collectible and increase the scoreboard variable by one.
If I touch cube7 then it turns purple.
Whenever I touch sphere1 then make it have a nice red color.
Once 30 seconds have passed, start playing beautiful melodies.
If you run into sphere11 then decrease the lives variable by one.
When cylinder13 runs into sphere20 cylinder13 turns yellow and sphere20 turns black.
Make it so that enemy5 starts following me slowly.
Make it so that cube2 chases me.
Make the dog1 make dog noises
Have the pan3 make cooking noises
Make the octopus3 play a sound when the variable score hits 3.
After 5 seconds, create a dog at the origin and make make the box3 change color to green.
Make the person2 disappear
Have the collectible item called coin3 go away
After about ten seconds, have the collectible item called coin3 go away, but after thirty seconds, make it come back again
After about five seconds, make octopus1 go away, but after ten seconds, have it reappear
Make an octopus after 5 seconds
Make the apple1 constantly stay 1 meter above me
Every time I hit coin1, it should respawn a little further in front of me.
Make it so that coin4 rotates continuously.
apple1 should rotate in place
Make box1 disappear if at least 5 seconds have passed and I’ve collided with it twice.
After 2 seconds, create a sphere object.
Make the octopus2 rotate very smoothly about the x-axis
Give me 5 pieces of candy when the game starts
Make the octopus5 disappear and play a noise after 4 seconds
When the variable building is equal to 3, then make the table3 play a noise
After 2 seconds, create a sphere object.
Make the capsule4 change color after a few seconds
Move the cube3 to left of cube4
Play a snap sound after a few seconds.
Move the apple2 forward for 5 seconds then to the left for 3 seconds
Move the apple2 back for half a second then to the right for 3 seconds
When the game starts, play scary music.
Create a small red pyramid
Make a big green cylinder
Create a block of wood
Create a silver coin
Create a small black cube
Create a yellow sphere
Delete torus45
Create a variable called "level" and set it to two
Set "score" equal to fifteen
Make the variable "difficulty" equal to "hard"
Set "coins_collected" to be the value of "score"
Create a variable called "lives" and set it to three
When the player touches "powerup1", increase the "score" variable by five and play a powerup sound effect
If the player runs into "enemy1", decrease the "lives" variable by one and play a hit sound effect
When "object1" runs into "object2", change the color of "object1" to blue and "object2" to red
Create a coin collecting system where the player's score increases by one and a coin sound effect plays when the player touches a "Coin" object
Create an enemy collision system where the player's lives decrease by one and a hit sound effect plays when the player touches an "Enemy" object, and triggers a game over sound if the player runs out of lives
Create a timer that plays a countdown sound effect at 60 seconds and a time up sound effect at 120 seconds, and triggers game over when the time runs out.